Update usage and schema documentation (#70)
stac-utils/stac-geoparquet: docs/usage.md

# Usage

> Except for the [legacy API](api/legacy.md), [Apache Arrow](https://arrow.apache.org/) is used as the in-memory interchange format between all formats. While some end-to-end helper functions are provided, the user can go through Arrow objects for maximal flexibility in the conversion process.

Reviewer: Not even worth mentioning that legacy API, I think.

```suggestion
[Apache Arrow](https://arrow.apache.org/) is used as the in-memory interchange format between all formats. While some end-to-end helper functions are provided, the user can go through Arrow objects for maximal flexibility in the conversion process.
```

> All functionality that goes through Arrow is currently exported via the `stac_geoparquet.arrow` namespace.

Reviewer: I think that an example here (or on the index page?) from STAC -> geoparquet would be valuable.

We have the one currently at https://github.com/stac-utils/stac-geoparquet?tab=readme-ov-file#usage. Even an example using a simple `pystac.Item()` built locally would be good to have.

Author: I added a simple example below

## `dict`/JSON - Arrow conversion

### Convert `dict`s to Arrow

Use [`parse_stac_items_to_arrow`][stac_geoparquet.arrow.parse_stac_items_to_arrow] to convert STAC items either in memory or on disk to a stream of Arrow record batches. This accepts either an iterable of Python `dict`s or an iterable of [`pystac.Item`][pystac.Item] objects.

### Convert JSON to Arrow

[`parse_stac_ndjson_to_arrow`][stac_geoparquet.arrow.parse_stac_ndjson_to_arrow] is a helper function to take one or more JSON or newline-delimited JSON files on disk, infer the schema from all of them, and convert the data to a stream of Arrow record batches.

### Convert Arrow to `dict`s

Use [`stac_table_to_items`][stac_geoparquet.arrow.stac_table_to_items] to convert a table or stream of Arrow record batches of STAC data to a generator of Python `dict`s. This accepts either a `pyarrow.Table` or a `pyarrow.RecordBatchReader`, which allows conversions of larger-than-memory files in a streaming manner.

### Convert Arrow to JSON

> Use [`stac_table_to_ndjson`][stac_geoparquet.arrow.stac_table_to_ndjson] to convert a table or stream of Arrow record batches of STAC data to a generator of Python `dict`s. This accepts either a `pyarrow.Table` or a `pyarrow.RecordBatchReader`, which allows conversions of larger-than-memory files in a streaming manner.

Reviewer: > to a generator of Python `dict`s.

Copy-paste error maybe? IIUC, this goes to an output ndjson file?

## Parquet

> Use [`to_parquet`][stac_geoparquet.arrow.to_parquet] to write STAC Arrow data in memory. This is a special function to ensure that [GeoParquet](https://geoparquet.org/) 1.0 or 1.1 metadata is written to the Parquet file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use [`to_parquet`][stac_geoparquet.arrow.to_parquet] to write STAC Arrow data from memory to a path or file-like object. This is a special function to ensure that [GeoParquet](https://geoparquet.org/) 1.0 or 1.1 metadata is written to the Parquet file.
```
